Corrects the default max spaces in non-serverless docs (#203857)
elastic/kibana: docs/spaces/index.asciidoc

=== Create a space

[[spaces-control-feature-visibility]]

> You can have up to 1,000 spaces by default. The maximum number of spaces can be configured by the `xpack.spaces.maxSpaces` setting (see <<spaces-settings-kb, Spaces setting in Kibana>>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have up to 1,000 spaces by default. The maximum number of spaces can be configured by the `xpack.spaces.maxSpaces` setting (refer to <<spaces-settings-kb, Spaces settings in {kib}>>).
```

Reviewer: Thank you for updating the docs, @jeramysoucy! Just suggesting a minor change 🙂
